lawdocslox
==========

Project for a cloud based secure file exchange system using keys held by end users

Technology stack:

keyserver:
	Java7
	Tomcat7
	Spring MVC 3.2
	Jackson json 1.9.13
	Maven 3.1.1

Build instructions
------------------

Ubuntu 12.04
Download and install the openjdk-7-jdk and tomcat7 packages.

Download binary release of Maven 3.1.1 from 
ftp://mirror.reverse.net/pub/apache/maven/maven-3/3.1.1/binaries/apache-maven-3.1.1-bin.tar.gz

(Note; do NOT install the maven/maven2 packages from Canonical; they are
very outdated. Recommend untarring the Maven binary downloaded above
and creating a symlink to ${MAVEN_DL_LOCATION}/bin/mvn in /usr/bin

Checkout the github repo in your local repo; see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tlONrSADWK0iJZnsz2tPPfx4vYdQvmIoqG_yPIFD4DU/edit.

Build the projects with Maven as follows:
mvn clean install

Copy the .war file generated by the build to the Tomcat webapps directory;
on Ubuntu with standard Tomcat install this would be /var/lib/tomcat7/webapps

Access the web app at the Tomcat default service port 8080.

Basic json test page is accessible at
http://localhost:8080/keyserv/ragnar

If you see json output on your screen, everything is setup correctly.

Keyserver Architecture
----------------------

The keyserver is split into 2 Maven projects, the keyserv and keyservapp.
keyserv is a web project that is used to build the war files. 

keyservapp is the main project which is used to build the jar files. All the 
application level logic will go into keyservapp; this will simplify updating the
web application since the jar files generated by building keyservapp can be
used to overwrite the jars deployed by Tomcat when it explodes the keyserv 
war file.
